docs/reference/actions.md, before:

## action-installed

```
usage: action-installed [-h] [-l {debug,info,warning,error,critical}]
                        [-a api_host] [-e e_mail] [-t api_token]

Returns the actions configured within a Boundary account

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -l {debug,info,warning,error,critical}, --log-level {debug,info,warning,error,critical}
                        Sets logging level to one of
                        debug,info,warning,error,critical.Default is logging
                        is disabled
  -a api_host, --api-host api_host
                        Boundary API host endpoint
  -e e_mail, --email e_mail
                        e-mail that has access to the Boundary account
  -t api_token, --api-token api_token
                        API token for given e-mail that has access to the
                        Boundary account
```


## action-types

```
usage: action-types [-h] [-l {debug,info,warning,error,critical}]
                    [-a api_host] [-e e_mail] [-t api_token]

List action types associated with the Boundary account

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -l {debug,info,warning,error,critical}, --log-level {debug,info,warning,error,critical}
                        Sets logging level to one of
                        debug,info,warning,error,critical.Default is logging
                        is disabled
  -a api_host, --api-host api_host
                        Boundary API host endpoint
  -e e_mail, --email e_mail
                        e-mail that has access to the Boundary account
  -t api_token, --api-token api_token
                        API token for given e-mail that has access to the
                        Boundary account
```

Commit message:

Update documentation with API links and headers

docs/reference/actions.md, after:

## action-installed


**API Documentation**

[http://premium-documentation.boundary.com/v1/get/actions/installed](http://premium-documentation.boundary.com/v1/get/actions/installed)

**Usage**

```
usage: action-installed [-h] [-l {debug,info,warning,error,critical}]
                        [-a api_host] [-e e_mail] [-t api_token]

Returns the actions configured within a Boundary account

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -l {debug,info,warning,error,critical}, --log-level {debug,info,warning,error,critical}
                        Sets logging level to one of
                        debug,info,warning,error,critical.Default is logging
                        is disabled
  -a api_host, --api-host api_host
                        Boundary API host endpoint
  -e e_mail, --email e_mail
                        e-mail that has access to the Boundary account
  -t api_token, --api-token api_token
                        API token for given e-mail that has access to the
                        Boundary account
```


## action-types

Commands to administer actions in a Boundary account.

**API Documentation**

http://premium-documentation.boundary.com/v1/get/actions

**Usage**

```
usage: action-types [-h] [-l {debug,info,warning,error,critical}]
                    [-a api_host] [-e e_mail] [-t api_token]

List action types associated with the Boundary account

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -l {debug,info,warning,error,critical}, --log-level {debug,info,warning,error,critical}
                        Sets logging level to one of
                        debug,info,warning,error,critical.Default is logging
                        is disabled
  -a api_host, --api-host api_host
                        Boundary API host endpoint
  -e e_mail, --email e_mail
                        e-mail that has access to the Boundary account
  -t api_token, --api-token api_token
                        API token for given e-mail that has access to the
                        Boundary account
```
